Fix external_ert_script does not fail on error (#7213)
equinor/ert: docs/reference/workflows/configuring_jobs.rst

    EXECUTABLE script.sh
    STOP_ON_FAIL TRUE                   -- Tell the job to stop ert on failure

In case of an external sh job script, you have to manually set the stop on fail option (-e)

::
    set -e

For example, this bash external job script will stop on failure

::

>     #/usr/bin/env bash

Reviewer: Hm, shouldn't it be: `#!/bin/bash` only?

Author: It can be both, but I will change it anyways.

> In case of an external sh job script, you have to manually set the stop on fail option (-e)
> 
> ::
>     set -e
> 
> For example, this bash external job script will stop on failure
> 
> ::
>     #!/bin/bash
>     set -e
>     ekho 'Hello World' # misspelled command fails

Reviewer 2: Explain that we still need `STOP_ON_FAIL TRUE` in ert config.

```suggestion
Shell scripts (Bash) must, in addition to having `STOP_ON_FAIL TRUE` in ert config, set the "exit immediately" flag (`set -e`) for the error to propagate. Otherwise, even if errors occur within the script, it will still be "successful".

::
    #!/usr/bin/env bash
    set -e
    ekho 'Hello World' # misspelled command fails
```
